anti vibe-coding guidelines
---------------------------

updates
-------
npx npm-check-updates

svelteKit
---------
in parent folder:
npx sv create myapp


setup
-----
- tools: with nvm, install node 24.4.1, in vsCode, install kilocode plugin
- in kilocode, add: brave search mcp
- setup the "custom instructions", for example:
"Avoid redundancy by re-using elements that are already there and adapt them while avoiding breaking existing code that rely on it.
Remove element that don't have any effect (dead code) to keep the code uncluttered.
When removing or changing parts of code:
1.) Check the WHOLE code AND it's dependencies to not break existing behaviour.
2.) Imports should ALWAYS be at the top of the file.
3.) ALWAYS implement the plan to it's END. Including imports & exports in the files encompassed in the plan.
NEVER add empty lines or comments in any code you write or modify, so if there are remove them.
Don't EVER try to run the server."
- in cline, use: openrouter.ai(create an account, get API-key and add credits) with gpt-4-1-mini

workflow
--------
- ALWAYS MAKE 7Z BACKUPS OF STABLE VERSIONS (backup often)
- when diff errors or hallucinations start to crop-up:
1.) create new prompt to stop the process (+)
2.) restore last stable backup
3.) start from scratch with the below template
- NEVER completely trust the AI:
1.) stay in plan mode until the proposed code & solution makes sense
2.) check online for API docs & modules versions
3.) if necessary, copy, paste examples & relevant refs in the prompt to correct the AI
4.) after AI implementation: check imports & exports
prompt template
---------------
NEVER add empty lines or comments in any code you write or modify, so if there are any remove them.

Using svelteKit I want to create a search page for https://search.ch/tel/api using the doc here: https://search.ch/tel/api/help
use the .env file for the api key
there will be ONLY one field for the name and a search button. no styling is necessary keep the code minimal and concise so I can understand what's going on
when i click the search button I want the EXACT & COMPLETE url sent to search.ch to be displayed in chrome console.
then also in chrome console the EXACT & COMPLETE raw reply from search.ch
Don't EVER try to run the local server, I will do it myself.


roadMap
--------
Results are only logged; no UI rendering or download/export of the data.
No deduplication of values; arrays may contain duplicates across cantons/pages.
Uses regex to parse XML, which can be brittle; a real XML parser would be more robust.
The response is flattened into parallel arrays rather than structured per-entry objects.
No pagination/continuation beyond maxnum=200; no caching or rate limiting.
Minimal error handling if the upstream service changes or throttles.